feat(answers): add widget (#113)
algolia/instantsearch-specs: content/widgets/answers.md

---
title: Answers
type: widget
html: |
  <div class="ais-Answers">
    <div class="ais-Answers-header">Algolia Answers</div>
    <ul class="ais-Answers-list">
      <li class="ais-Answers-item">Author Sam Martin shares photos of ...</li>
      <li class="ais-Answers-item">Beau Lotto's color games puzzle your vision, but they also spotlight what you can't normally see...</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
alt1: empty
althtml1: |
  <div class="ais-Answers ais-Answers--empty">
    <div class="ais-Answers-header">Algolia Answers</div>

>     <ul class="ais-Answers-list"></ul>

Reviewer: the empty `ul` should probably not be rendered: https://webaim.org/discussion/mail_thread?thread=1351

Author: I'm not sure. I tried but couldn't find anything about it elsewhere. I guess that thread is specific to their usecase where they maintain some nested lists?

Reviewer: I can't find much information either, but a list is meant to have items, this way it's going to be announced for screen readers, while there's no content inside

Author: @Haroenv I genuinely have no idea which is better for accessibility, but at least we do have empty `ul` across all the IS flavors. If you think it's good to get rid of empty `ul`, then we can have that behavior starting from this PR. What do you think?

Reviewer: Good point. For the time being we can do either way since I can't find much information around it either. Empty ul should probably not exist, but likely also doesn't have a huge impact

Author: I've just found out a minor usecase:

```css
ul:empty::before {
  content: "Empty!";
}
```

Something like that could be used.

  </div>
alt2: loading
althtml2: |
  <div class="ais-Answers ais-Answers--empty">
    <div class="ais-Answers-header">Algolia Answers</div>
    <div class="ais-Answers-loader">loading...</div>

>     <ul class="ais-Answers-list"></ul>

Reviewer: when loading, there shouldn't be a list (empty or not) I think

Author: https://github.com/algolia/instantsearch-specs/pull/113/commits/e8a3d3f237c670a76ac99f8227ef9cebe9726872

---
title: Answers
type: widget
html: |
  <div class="ais-Answers">
    <div class="ais-Answers-header">Algolia Answers</div>
    <ul class="ais-Answers-list">
      <li class="ais-Answers-item">Author Sam Martin shares photos of ...</li>
      <li class="ais-Answers-item">Beau Lotto's color games puzzle your vision, but they also spotlight what you can't normally see...</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
alt1: empty
althtml1: |
  <div class="ais-Answers ais-Answers--empty">
    <div class="ais-Answers-header">Algolia Answers</div>
    <ul class="ais-Answers-list"></ul>
  </div>
alt2: loading
althtml2: |
  <div class="ais-Answers ais-Answers--empty">
    <div class="ais-Answers-header">Algolia Answers</div>
    <div class="ais-Answers-loader">loading...</div>
    <ul class="ais-Answers-list">
      <!-- Displays the hits from the last result -->
      <li class="ais-Answers-item">Author Sam Martin shares photos of ...</li>
      <li class="ais-Answers-item">Beau Lotto's color games puzzle your vision, but they also spotlight what you can't normally see...</li>

>     </ul>

Reviewer: I'm surprised the old results still show when there's a new result loading, is this something you discussed with @dustincoates?

Reviewer 2: @Haroenv thank you for bringing this up; I thought when I saw it that I had implemented the widget incorrectly. We want the results to disappear when a new query starts.

  </div>
classes:
  - name: .ais-Answers
    description: the root div of the widget
  - name: .ais-Answers--empty
    description: the root div of the widget with no items
  - name: .ais-Answers-header
    description: the header
  - name: .ais-Answers-loader
    description: the loader when it's loading
  - name: .ais-Answers-list
    description: the list of Answers result
  - name: .ais-Answers-item
    description: the list item
options:
  - name: queryLanguages
    description: The languages in the query. Currently only supports `en`.
  - name: attributesForPrediction
    description: |

>       Attributes to use for predictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Attributes to use for prediction.
```

      If empty, we use all `searchableAttributes` to find answers.
      All your `attributesForPrediction` must be part of your `searchableAttributes`.
    default: "['*']"
  - name: nbHits
    description: |
      Maximum number of answers to retrieve from the Answers Engine.
      Cannot be greater than 1000.
    default: 1
  - name: debounceTime

>     description: Debounce time in milliseconds to debounce answers API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: Debounce time in milliseconds before querying the answers API
```
